what's going on guys a-line Gonzales
here muscle monsters calm and welcome to
another quick tip Tuesday where I give
you an advance muscle building nutrition
or weight loss tip quick today's video
we are going to talk about contracting
the chest optimally using the basic
dumbbell flyes and this is going to be a
very quick tip but very effective
alright so when you are doing your
dumbbell flyes here's what you're doing
or most of you at least and I know I was
as well when we bring the dumbbells down
we're at a slight bend in the elbow
right we get that stretch and then when
we come up we're really just focusing on
getting these dumbbells to touch each
other and that's how we know that we've
completed the rep however that's not
what's important in this movement as I
told you in videos before that we want
to get the humerus to cross the chest so
how are you going to do this using a
Dumbo fly it's very simple alright when
you bring the dumbbells down you can
keep your elbows slightly bent and get
that full stretch on the chest however
when you're bringing it up what you
really want to focus on is straightening
the arm and almost trying to touch your
elbows together so what I want you to do
at home real quick is bring your arm out
slight bend bring it up keep the bend
and touch the arms at the top right not
much of a contraction so do it again
only this time at the top I want you to
straighten your arms out and try to
touch your elbows now you're going to
get a nice short and contraction that's
the tip next time you're doing chest try
it out leave a comment in the comment
section let let me know how it went I
hope you enjoyed if you did make sure to
click the like button below make sure to
subscribe for more videos don't forget
to pick up 42 and a primal chest i'll
put a link in the description to that
don't forget to get your muscle monsters
no excuses t-shirts link in the
description as well and i'll see you
guys in the next one peace